  {
        "role": "system",

        "content":"You will be provided with a news article. Your task is to answer the 5W1H questions: What, Who, When, Where, Why, and How based on the provided content."
                  "Provide clear, concise, and focused answers for each question. Here are specific guidelines for each question:\n\n"
                  "1. What: Describe the key facts, circumstances, and/or actions mentioned in the article. Exclude additional context or external opinions.\n"
                  "2. Who: Identify the main subject and/or entity involved in the news article. Do not include additional context or details about actions or locations.\n"
                  "3. When: Specify the relevant time and/or date when the events occurred. Do not include extra information about the impact or reactions.\n"
                  "4. Where: Indicate the location or place where the events occurred. Avoid adding context about individuals or specific actions taken in that location.\n"
                  "5. Why: Explain the reasons or causes behind the news event. Focus solely on the reasons mentioned in the article without adding opinions or external reactions.\n"
                  "6. How: Describe the manner or method by which the event occurred. Outline the manner in which the events unfolded as detailed in the article.\n\n"

                  "If you cannot find a relevant answer for any question based on the content provided, please respond with an empty string ('').\n"
                  "Ensure your answers are directly based on the content provided and avoid including any unsupported information, personal opinions, or extraneous details.\n"
                  "Only use excerpts from the provided context. **This is a fundamental requirement.** Separate different sections with ';'."

                  "Here are three examples of how to structure your responses::\n"

                  "Example 1:\n"
                  "Title: U.N. court orders Japan to halt whale hunt.\n"
                  "Description: The International Court of Justice ruled Monday that Japan can no longer continue its annual whale hunt, rejecting the country's argument that it was for scientific purposes.\n"
                  "News Body: Japan shall revoke any extant authorization, permit or license granted in relation to JARPA II, and refrain from granting any further permits in pursuance of that program, the court said, referring to the research program. The International Court of Justice is the principal judicial organ of the United Nations. Japan's fleet carries out an annual whale Hunt despite a worldwide moratorium, taking advantage of a loophole in the law that permits the killing of the mammals for scientific research. Whale meat is commonly available for consumption in Japan. Each year, environmental groups such as Sea Shepherd pursue the Japanese hunters in an attempt to disrupt the whaling. The resulting confrontations have led to collisions of ships and the detention of activists. The Australian government challenged the Japanese whaling program in the International Court of Justice, leading to Monday's ruling.\n"

                  "Answers:\n"
                  "1. What: Japan's fleet carries out an annual whale hunt despite a worldwide moratorium, taking advantage of a loophole in the law that permits the killing of the mammals for scientific research.\n"
                  "2. Who: Japan's fleet; environmental groups; The Australian government; the court.\n"
                  "3. When: Monday; annual; Each year.\n"
                  "4. Where: Japan; The International Court of Justice.\n"
                  "5. Why: The Australian government challenged the Japanese whaling program in the International Court of Justice, leading to Monday's ruling.\n"
                  "6. How: Each year, environmental groups such as Sea Shepherd pursue the Japanese hunters in an attempt to disrupt the whaling; a worldwide moratorium. \n\n"

                  "Example 2:\n"
                  "Title: .\n"
                  "Description: .\n"
                  "News Body: There is no doubting the significance of Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby now. Debate has raged in Newcastle as to which their fans would rather see - a place in the Capital One Cup semi-final or a first win over Sunderland in six attempts. The majority sided with the former and a shot at a first domestic trophy since 1955. That dream, however, is dead. Alan Pardew and his players had talked of a ‘massive’ week in their season. Well, it just got bigger. Massadio Haidara consoles keeper Jak Alnwick after a night to forget for Newcastle at Tottenham. Newcastle’s defence reels as Spurs celebrate the final goal of their 4-0 defeat of the Toon on Wednesday. For Alan Pardew’s side, Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby takes on a new dimension now they’re out of the cup. The manager had, in fairness, named just about the strongest XI available to him but it looked awfully weak against a Spurs side who were superior in every department. The against-the-odds spirit that had inspired Newcastle’s 2-0 victory at Manchester City in the last round was missing. It was, in the end, a rather timid surrender. Apart from Moussa Sissoko, the French battering ram who tried his best to barge his team forward, the visitors offered little. Sissoko’s compatriots Yoan Gouffran, Remy Cabella and Emmanuel Riviere – a combined 20 million worth of ‘ talent ’ – were passengers on a journey destined to end in defeat from the moment Jak Alnwick spilled Christian Eriksen’s corner and Nabil Bentaleb looped home the opening goal. A Newcastle fan, one of 4,200 supporters to travel down to London, gives his appraisal of the match. These shirtless lads do their best to lift their team having made the journey for the Capital One Cup loss. This has been a Newcastle team characterised by resistance and resilience, neither of which was in evidence. It was their second heavy loss in north London in five days and such drubbings will do little for the team’s confidence come Sunday. Pardew is the only manager in Newcastle’s history to lose three in a row against their North-East rivals and, with the mitigation of a cup run gone, he can ill afford another defeat this weekend. It was after Spurs ’ fourth goal – Roberto Soldado capitalising on another Alnwick spill – that Pardew turned his attention to the derby. Sunderland boss Gus Poyet issues instructions to his players on their way to a 1-1 draw with West Ham. Jordi Gomez celebrates putting Sunderland 1-0 up from the penalty spot at home against West Ham. The thought of going into that game without Sissoko is a frightening one and, when he took what proved to be an innocuous knock to the knee, Pardew withdrew his star man almost immediately. His effort was recognised by the 4,200 travelling fans and they sang until the last kick of an otherwise torrid evening. Pardew acknowledged their support but will be in doubt about how fast such goodwill would evaporate should they fail to show against Gus Poyet’s side. The debate on radio phone-ins and in the local newspaper had been ‘which of the two matches would you prefer to win? ’ Losing both was never an option. Pardew, of course, has done tremendously well to transform his own and Newcastle’s fortunes, but the mood can change quickly on Tyneside. After this humiliation, Pardew will be only too aware of Sunday’s significance.\n"

                  "Answers:\n"
                  "1. What: Pardew turned his attention to the derby. Sunderland boss Gus Poyet issues instructions to his players on their way to a; Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby; Debate has raged in Newcastle as to which their fans would rather see - a place in the Capital One Cup semi-final or a first win over Sunderland in six attempts.\n"
                  "2. Who: Massadio Haidara; Jak Alnwick; Christian Eriksen; Nabil Bentaleb; Pardew.\n"
                  "3. When: since 1955; on Wednesday; Sunday; in five days; this weekend.\n"
                  "4. Where: in the Capital One Cup semi-final; at Tottenham; in north London.\n"
                  "5. Why: The against-the-odds spirit that had inspired Newcastle’s 2-0 victory at Manchester City in the last round was.\n"
                  "6. How: Pardew withdrew his star man almost immediately. His effort was recognised by the 4,200 travelling fans and they sang until the last kick of an otherwise torrid evening. \n\n"

                  "Example 3:\n"
                  "Title: Hawaii group wants to defend licenses for foreign fishermen.\n"
                  "Description: HONOLULU — A group representing Hawaii commercial fishermen has filed a court motion to defend the state’s practice of giving fishing licenses to foreign workers.\n"
                  "News Body:  The Hawaii Longline Association sought court permission last week to argue its side after a Maui resident asked a judge to declare that only those lawfully admitted to the United States should receive commercial fishing licenses. Resident Malama Chun went to court after an Associated Press investigation found hundreds of foreign workers in the Hawaii fleet were confined to boats and some were living in subpar conditions. […].\n"

                  "Answers:\n"
                  "1. What: wants to defend licenses for foreign fishermen.\n"
                  "2. Who: Hawaii group.\n"
                  "3. When: last week.\n"
                  "4. Where: Hawaii.\n"
                  "5. Why: a Maui resident asked a judge to declare that only those lawfully admitted to the United States should receive commercial fishing licenses.\n"
                  "6. How: filed a court motion.\n\n"

                  "Now, please proceed with answering the 5W1H questions for the provided news article using this format."
      }

      {
        "role": "user",
        "content": (
          "Here is the news article:\n"
          f"Title: {title_}\n"
          f"Description: {description_}\n"
          f"News Body: {news_body_}\n"
          "Please answer the following questions based on the context provided.\n"
          "1. What:\n"
          "2. Who:\n"
          "3. When:\n"
          "4. Where:\n"
          "5. Why:\n"
          "6. How:\n\n"
        )
      }